i'd like to call the pennsylvania county
school board to a meeting this is may
the 10th
2022.
um miss hancock i think you're going to
do the roll call at this time yes mr
burton
president mr fitzgerald
mr henderson
ms merrick's
mr moon president and mr mills and mr
dallas are absent
do we have any additions to the prior
list this evening
yes sir okay
let's go to lord and prayer
the fathers are coming for you this
evening to do the work of the
pennsylvania county school board we pray
that you will give us the wisdom the
understanding and the knowledge
to make the best decisions for the
students of our county we thank you and
praise you for everything you've given
us in christ's name i ask
i pledge amen
to
the united states of america and to the
recovery which stands
one nation under god
indivisible with liberty and justice
good evening vice chair moon
school board members
dr jones staff and guest
it is my pleasure to recognize students
who receive state beta convention awards
we ask that you please hold your
applause until the end
after all students in a school have been
recognized
i will begin and as i call the school
name
administrators and students will come
forward
we will begin with dan river middle
school
our school board member ms kelly
merricks will join us down front
and mr fitzgerald will also join us down
front
dr jones
please join us
chris nick principal
fran the glass assistant principal
bailey merricks
grade seven
third grade third place beta convention
language arts
for the grade 7 category
congratulations bailey
[Applause]
tunstall middle school
school board member
mr george henderson
miss kirsten harper
principal jennifer gibson assistant
principal
madison carnes
grade seven second place beta convention
junior sculpture competition
okay
maggie harris
grade seven
third place beta convention junior fiber
arts competition and third place beta
convention junior marketing and
communications competition team
brody buchanan
grade six
first place beta convention junior
digital art and second place beta
convention junior book battle
competition team
colton ellis grade six third place beta
convention junior woodworking
competition second place beta convention
junior three dimensional design
competition team and first place beta
convention junior two dimensional design
competition team
jonathan coffey
grade six second place mathematics
competition grade six first place beta
convention junior two dimensional design
competition team and second place beta
convention junior three-dimensional
design competition team
cara eastwood
grade six first place language arts
competition
also second place
junior book battle competition and third
place marketing and communications
competition team
caitlin luhoff
second place
beta convention junior book battle
competition team
isabella gonzalez
first place beta convention junior
apparel design competition team and
third place beta convention junior
marketing and communications competition
team
kiara ice
grade 7 third place beta convention
junior marketing and communications
competition team
congratulations to all of our students
at tulsa middle school
[Applause]
chatham elementary school
dr wanda carter principal
joined by school board members
mr fitzgerald
and mr byrd
eileen gonzalez
grade five third place beta convention
drawing elementary
allie paris grade five first place beta
convention robotics team elementary and
third place beta convention engineering
team elementary
ashton blair grade four first place beta
convention robotics team elementary
aubry east grade four third place
beta convention engineering team
elementary
claire parsons
first place beta convention robotics
team grade five
first place beta convention color
photography
also first place beta convention quiz
bowl team elementary written
third place beta convention math
fifth grade and third place beta
convention engineering team elementary
danielle gray grade 4 first place beta
convention robotics team elementary
dixie stowe grade five first place beta
convention black and white photography
elementary
first place beta convention quiz bowl
team elementary written and third place
beta convention created writing
elementary
holly striker grade four
first place beta convention robotics
team elementary
and 2nd place beta convention language
arts 4th grade
jackson hatcher grade five
first place beta convention robotics
team elementary
first place beta convention quiz bowl
team elementary written
and second place beta convention social
studies fifth grade
madison harris grade five first place
beta convention robotics team elementary
mason c
chatham elementary grade five first
place beta convention robotics team
elementary
matthew aldridge grade five first place
beta convention woodworking elementary
safine chiroli
grade four first place beta convention
quiz bowl team elementary written second
place beta convention math fourth grade
and third place beta convention
engineering team elementary
susanna paris grade five first place
beta convention poetry elementary third
place veda convention digital art
elementary and third place veda
convention engineering team elementary
congratulations to all of our students
from chatham elementary school
[Applause]
[Music]
from gretna elementary school
paula cox principal jennifer andrews
assistant principal
joined by
school board member
mr fitzgerald and mr moon
ava francisco grade five first place
beta convention performing arts solo and
second place beta convention engineering
team
briella bennett grade four first place
beta convention painting second place
beta convention fourth grade science and
third place beta convention jewelry
brooklyn moss grade four
first place beta convention campaign
skit team
caleb franklin grade five third place
beta convention book battle team
chandler worley grade five first place
virginia state beta president for
elementary
chloe walker grade four second place
beta convention fiber arts
deja davis grade five first place beta
convention campaign skit team
donovan
wooden
grade five
first place beta convention club trading
pin first place beta convention campaign
skit team and first place beta
convention service learning board team
isabelle nee smith grade five first
place beta convention service learning
board team
jackson smith grade five second place
beta convention engineering team
kylan miller grade 5 first place beta
convention campaign skit team and first
place beta convention service learning
board team
lily johnson grade five first place beta
convention campaign skit team second
place beta convention drawing and second
place beta convention 3d design
nate andrews grade 5
second place beta convention engineering
team and third place beta convention
book battle team
nicholas doss grade five
third place beta convention book battle
team
parker tyree grade five second place
beta convention engineering team
roman hedrick grade 5
second place beta convention fifth grade
language arts
ryan saunders grade four
second place beta convention engineering
team
congratulations to our students at
gretna elementary school
[Applause]
gretna middle school
eric moon principal and dr thomas taka's
assistant principal
addie davis grade 7 champion junior beta
convention club trading pin team member
olivia alexander grade seven second
place junior beta convention visual arts
painting
ava wright grade seven champion junior
beta convention poetry
brock dowdy grade six second place
junior beta convention visual art
woodworking
coleman holly grade six third place
junior beta convention sixth grade
science
keeley smith grade seven third place
junior beta convention visual art
sculpture
kennedy cooper grade seven champion
junior beta convention club trading pin
team
molly chaney grade 7 champion junior
beta convention visual art black and
white photography
congratulations to all of our gretna
middle school students
[Music]
now we will have mount airy elementary
school pam feels principal
addison younger grade five first place
beta engineering team member first place
beta performing arts group team member
and second place beta performing arts
solo duo trio
braden smith grade 4 first place beta
performing arts group team member
carly costa
grade four
first place
beta performing arts group team member
hunter pittman great for second place
beta painting
isaac wilson grade five first place beta
engineering team member first place beta
performing arts group team member in
first place beta speech
jada kohl's grade 5 first place beta
engineering team member
kinsley words grade 5 first place data
engineering team member first place beta
performing arts group team member and
second place beta black and white
photography
lexi waller grade four first place beta
performing arts group team member
reagan younger grade 5 first place beta
engineering team member first place beta
performing arts group team member
rosalie dina grade five first place
better performing arts group team member
and second place color photography
congratulations to our students from
mount airy elementary school
[Applause]
gretna high school
stacey oaks principal
chad scruggs and katina wright assistant
principals
adriana eames
grade 12 third place beta convention
color photography division two
james hall grade 11 second place beta
convention 11th grade science
jerry ratliff jr
grade 12 virginia state beta scholarship
500 dollars
kenley saunders
grade 11 third place beta convention
performing arts solo duo and trio
madison pillow grade 10 first place beta
convention forgery division one
and skylar kraft grade 11 third place
beta convention 11th grade social
studies congratulations to our students
from gretna high school
[Applause]
next we will have tunstall middle school
mr henderson
brian bowles principal lisa todd and
dustin eckles assistant principals
tara mills sponsor
addison hunsicker grade 11 first place
virginia state beta convention jewelry
division ii
first place virginia state beta
convention on site painting division two
and second place virginia state beta
convention apparel
brady slattery grade nine
first place virginia state beta
convention math academic test ninth
grade
chandler stowe
chandler snow
grade nine
third place virginia state beta co
freshman problem solving team
charles nick in the fourth
grade 12 third place virginia state beta
convention service learning showcase
team
denver dalton grade nine
third place virginia state beta
convention on-site painting division 1
and 3rd place virginia state beta
convention sculpture division 1.
elizabeth lee grade 12
first place virginia state beta
convention portfolio and first place
virginia state beta convention digital
art division ii
immodality grade 11 first place virginia
state beta convention mixed media
division ii second place virginia state
beta convention on-site photography
division ii
second place virginia state beta
convention 11th grade language arts
academic test and third place virginia
state beta convention painting division
two
hallie cassidy grade nine
first place virginia state data
convention engineering team
first place virginia state beta
convention freshman problem solving team
hunter meals grade nine first place
virginia state beta convention
three-dimensional design team first
place virginia state beta convention
engineering team and first place
virginia state beta convention freshman
problem solving team
jackson bowles
grade 12
third place virginia state beta
convention sculpture division two
lira slattery
raid 11 third place virginia state beta
convention serving learning service
learning showcase team
luke meals grade eleven
first place virginia state beta
convention three dimensional design team
first place virginia state convention
engineering team second place virginia
state beta convention would work in
division two and second place virginia
state beta convention 11
social studies academic team
mackenzie harris grade 11 first place
virginia state beta convention 11th
grade agri
science academic test
matthew harris grade 9 first place
virginia bait virginia state beta
convention engineering team
first place virginia state beta
convention black and white photo
division one
muhammad khan grade 12 second place
virginia state beta convention apparel
design team
parker sinclair grade nine second place
virginia state beta convention fiber
arts division one
please join me in congratulating all of
our students from tunstall high school
[Applause]
and again congratulations to all of our
beta convention
award winners and to their sponsors at
this time we will recognize students in
the areas of perfect score
on the industry certification ffa
and
virginia skills usa
miss angela rigney director of career
and technical education
good evening dan river high school miss
anastasia bremel principal
cairo bets
grade 11 perfect score on wise test
industry certification and licensure
exam
chase harris grade 11 perfect score on
wise test industry certification and
licensure exam
okay
so next we'll have tunstall high school
i don't recognize them all and if
they're not here that's fine
tunstall high school ffa principal brian
bowles
malik thornton
graduate american ffa degree recipient
casey tony
augustine lopez
grade nine
second place ffa bail
decorating contest team member virginia
farm bureau federation convention
favorite overall
angel torres grade 12
second place ffa hay bale decorating
contest team member
virginia farm bureau federation
convention favorite overall
and we also have our advisor dr jessica
jones joining us
evan burnett grade 11 second place ffa
hay bale decorating contest team member
virginia farm bureau federation
convention favorite overall
gavin smith grade 10
second place ffa hay bale decorating
contest team member virginia farm bureau
federation convention favorite overall
ivana rodas grade nine
second place ffa hay bale decorating
contest team member virginia farm bureau
federation convention
favorite overall
jason diemont
grade 10 second place ffa hay bale
decorating contest team member virginia
farm bureau federation convention
favorite overall
jacob wellington
grade 12 second place ffa hay bale
decorating contest team member virginia
farm bureau federation convention
favorite overall
riley edwards grade 11
second place agriscience demonstration
at the state ffa convention
first place horticulture demonstration
second place ffa hay bale decorating
contest team member virginia farm bureau
federation convention favorite overall
caitlyn knight grade nine
second place ffa hay bale decorating
contest team member virginia farm bureau
federation convention favorite overall
nathan rigney grade 11
second place ffa hay bale decorating
contest team member virginia farm bureau
federation convention favorite overall
santana cates grade 11
second place ffa hay bale decorating
contest team member virginia farm bureau
federation convention favorite overall
zachary owen grade 11 second place ffa
hay bale decorating contest team member
virginia farm bureau federation
convention favorite overall
anna ballinger graduate national ffa
american degree recipient
third place national ffa proficiency
award in equine science
first place equine science placement
proficiency at the state ffa convention
caleb sutton
graduate first place forest management
and products proficiency at the state
ffa convention
second place national ffa proficiency
award in forest management and
products justin mott grade 12
2021 2022 first chesapeake ftc state
championship alliance finalist
megan pollock graduate third place
national ffa proficiency award in beef
production entrepreneurship
first place beef entrepreneurship
proficiency
at the state ffa convention and national
ffa american degree recipient
maya davis grade 10 first place ffa
virginia tech block and bridal state
stockman's and livestock judging career
development event for swan division
patrick jones grade 12
2021 2022 first chesapeake ftc state
championship alliance finalist
congratulations
[Applause]
next we will be recognizing our virginia
skills usa champions
ms jessica dalton principal at the
pennsylvania career and technical center
joined by mr
spears our instructor for the precision
machining program
blake hughes grade 12
virginia skills usa competition cnc
technician gold state winner
caleb wales chatham high school grade 12
virginia skills usa competition cnc
turning specialist gold state winner
mr burton can you join us
gretna high school
leighton wilson grade 12 virginia skills
usa competition cnc milling specialist
gold state winner
next we will have our mechatronics mr
bartz our instructor
tony myers grade 11 virginia skills usa
competition mechatronics gold state
winner
charlie c parth grade 12 virginia skills
usa competition mechatronics gold state
winner
we will now have our welding advisor mr
travis wood
tanner cole
grade 12 virginia skills usa competition
welding fabrication
gold state winner
lillian hudgins
grade 12 virginia skills usa competition
welding fabrication gold state winner
now we'll transition to
tunstall mr henderson you'll join us
thank you gentlemen
nelson howler grade 11 virginia skills
usa competition welding fabrication gold
state winner
and at this time if my skills usa
winners would please come back down to
the front
and juan if you would also join me in
advisors you can come back down as well
i want to take this opportunity to
recognize these eight young people as a
group as long as well as their advisors
these eight young people will be
advancing to the national skills usa
championships in june in atlanta georgia
i also want to recognize juan as well as
steve
with local 10
pipefitters union who has sponsored all
of these students
and their advisors as well as
administrators to attend this
competition with a 25 000 donation to
cover all of their expenses so thank you
juan and steve for that generous
donation
thank you
on behalf of vice chairman moon school
board members and dr mark jones division
superintendent it was our pleasure to
recognize all of our students this
evening we thank you for your attendance
and support this concludes our student
recognitions thank you so much
okay i moved at the board going to close
section pursuant to virginia freedom of
information act for the following
purposes
number one to discuss personnel matters
under section 2.2-37-1
a-1 of the code of virginia in
particular personnel appointments
resignation leads and assignments
number two to discuss student matters
under section 2.2-3711
a2 of the code of virginia in particular
student admission discipline and number
three
briefing by staff council pertaining to
legal matters under section 2.2 371187
of the code of virginia
second okay
roll call
uh
[Music]
but this time we'll go over
at this time i'd like to call the
pennsylvania county school board
to um
to order for the may 10 2022 meeting
or at this time they will have the roll
call mr burton
aye mr fitzgerald president mr henderson
ms merrick president mr moon president
and mr mills and mr doss are absent
all right this time we'll do the we need
to do the certification
and
somehow
okay second
second
all in
favor call
motion to certify closed session
motion by mr burton second by mr
fitzgerald we'll call mr burton aye mr
fitzgerald aye mr henderson aye ms
merricks aye mr moon all right and mr
mills and mr dallas are absent
all right we need to take action on
the items from closed session yes we
have a motion to approve personnel
changes from may 10 2022 as presented
roll call
mr burton aye mr fitzgerald aye mr
henderson ms marrix aye mr moon aye mr
mills and mr doucer absent
we need a motion to accept the
retirement and to waive school board
policy gbo dash pc retirement for
deborah bray joan hendricks and audrey
wolf to allow them to retire under e-rep
effective july 1 2022.
so move
second
we have a motion and a second
mr burton aye mr fitzgerald aye mr
henderson aye ms merricks aye mr moon
all right mr meals and mr dallas are
absent
we have recommendations from the
superintendent
yes sir mr moon school board members i
would like to recommend tonight
three three moves across the county
first i'd like to recommend that
mrs stacy oaks she is currently the
principal at gretna high school
would like to
recommend this evening that she
be
promoted to supervisor of
instructional specialty programs and cte
career technical education
i would like to also recommend
this evening that mr eric moon who is
currently the principal at
gretna middle school
assumed the position of principal of
gretna high school
and i would also like to recommend this
evening that dr thomas takus
assumed the role of principal of gretna
middle school
and then that would leave vacant the
assistant principal at
gretna middle school and that person we
would we would interview for that
position
so i'd like to recommend those three
moves this evening for your
consideration
so move
second
we have a motion and a second
mr burton aye mr fitzgerald aye mr
henderson aye ms merricks aye mr moon
aye aye mr mills and mr dallas are
absent
okay
it is a consent agenda
i need to get a motion that we approve
the agenda
we do have an addition to gender
mr moon i'd like to like to ask this
this
evening
okay
i'd like to ask this evening that that
you would approve a meeting a special
meeting on may the 19th
to approve personnel changes
that is right before the graduate of
merit program i'd like to recommend 5 15
at averitt
convocation center and we'll we'll find
a classroom there to meet
and then also would like to ask to add
to the agenda a presentation
on this evening on the sales tax
referendum so two items this evening
you remove that form of motion yes yes
i'll make it motion
sucking it
we have a motion and a second mr barton
mr fitzgerald
mr henderson aye ms merrick aye mr moon
aye mr mills and mr dollas are absent
like that do we have a motion to approve
the consent agenda for this evening
so moved
second
we have a motion in a second mr burton
aye mr fitzgerald aye mr henderson aye
ms merrick aye mr moon aye mr mills and
mr bowser are absent
okay
and uh public presentations
yeah okay we've got uh dr irwin
would come up for his presentation
thank you
um i'm here tonight to represent
pennsylvanians for a brighter future
which is the political action committee
that is trying to help get past the one
percent sales tax for construction of
schools
and so i'm here just to keep it at your
forefront so that you all will think
about it we're asking for all of the
board members help to help support this
you all voted for this so we're asking
for you to help us and to give you just
a quick update of what we've been doing
um you should hear from one of the
committee members at each meeting
since the last since the last school
board meeting we've spoken to ten groups
including the hurt gretna chatham town
councils four elementary schools a board
of supervisors and two organizations and
we plan to continue speaking to these
groups
we received almost forty thousand
dollars in donations which is right at
the budget amount that we had so we're
pretty good fundraising wise from that
we've just engaged jonathan parker with
parker productions to guide the
publicity and the social media managing
for both our instagram facebook pages
he will also help with a mail campaign
strategy that we're looking to roll out
here pretty soon
an article was published in the may 4
star tribune and we just had an
interview yesterday with wsct abc out of
lynchburg covering the need for the one
percent sales tax
videos are being uploaded to the website
and the website should be up and
operational
here within the week
on the radio mr fitzgerald has
thankfully secured radio spots and
interviews for wkby
beginning august 8th and continuing
through november 8th 60 second
commercials played every other hour
following the weather we also hope to
have students talk in those commercials
at times also which we think will be a
big benefit
we've ordered received over 200 yard
signs 20 000 copies of the flyers
and last four years registered voters to
add to the mailing list
we're still looking for volunteers
and so this is where i come to you all
tonight is to help us with the
volunteers we'd like each of you to win
your district with this and so you all
got elected
so we know that you know people in your
district that will volunteer that will
support this so we just like to ask for
some of their names people that are
vocal people that can talk about it at
different sporting events at different
fire events different things throughout
your district that's where we need the
help with right now so we can plan this
out through the summer to make sure we
have enough people at those at those
events it failed last year about 14
votes and the overriding theme was that
people just weren't educated enough
about it
and so our goal is to make sure we
educate them to understand that the 50
million dollars has to go to school
construction
and that it offsets approximately a
eight to nine cent uh per hundred real
estate tax increase so it's going to be
taxed some way or another we're just
trying to spread it out more evenly
so thank you for your time tonight as i
said we'll be in front of you i may even
be back with more things but we
appreciate your support of it and
anything we can do or any thoughts you
have please contact myself or dr walker
thank you
all right the next is character word of
the month it's citizenship
i think the fourth student
representatives have put together a
powerpoint slides for us to review
good evening dr jones distinguished
members of the board and pennsylvania
county community my fellow student
representatives and i worked together to
create a presentation on the character
word of the month citizenship
so i'll
speak on my part now
citizenship is defined as a relationship
between an individual and a state to
which the individual
owes allegiance and in turn is entitled
to its protection
this could be towards your country state
community and school but after reading
this definition i wonder what qualities
make up citizenship i believe that our
past character words have all added up
to give us the qualities of a good
citizen
courage honesty trustworthiness respect
courtesy responsibility self-control
fairness and caring it really is not
required of anyone to be a good citizen
but it is beautiful to recognize and
appreciate how many people do so freely
so many people want to help others and
inspire others so many people give back
what they can in so many ways through
time money or energy to me being a good
citizen is one of the most important
roles i want to thank all of the people
in my community who has been a good
citizen and inspired me
citizenship to me is how each one of us
contributes to the betterment of our
community
picking up litter holding a door driving
the speed limit and even participating
in local government
as we are tonight are simple ways anyone
can practice being a good citizen
citizenship requires kindness
responsibility and trustworthiness all
qualities that help make the world a
better place for us all when we each
take the initiative to show selflessness
for those around us
practicing good citizenship through
involvement in the betterment of our
community helps us come together as
neighbors become friends and friends
become family
kindness and empathy towards others are
the pinnacle of what it means to be a
good citizen
in our ever-changing world the biggest
impact that can be made any and every
day is demonstrating the best of what
citizenship is and showing appreciation
for the ways others citizenship impacts
you
there are many ways people can
participate in good citizenship to me
one way in which i have learned how to
be a good citizen is by being a member
of jrotc one of the most important
things that cadets are taught is how to
be a good citizen i have participated in
a plethora of activities to help our
community including picking up trash
practicing participating in parades and
volunteering for donation drives these
activities have led me to become
involved in the community and i am very
thankful for the many opportunities to
learn how to be a good citizen we can
all benefit from these kinds of
activities to be better citizens besides
these activities being kind and generous
to others and courteous to other
citizens can lead to a better community
i think we can all benefit from learning
from one another and becoming better
citizens
as the other student representatives
have presented
citizenship is a
position or status we are granted by
being part of the united states but also
how we use this status to help enhance
our country and especially the
communities around us
we can bring forth this enhancement by
being a good citizen a good citizen
follows the rules and laws set forth in
their community
respects others
shows kindness when met with rudeness
and does what they can to help others no
matter the circumstance
i have practiced good citizenship by
volunteering with my church
on various occasions as well as becoming
involved in the local school board
we can all come together to practice
good citizenship and enhance our
communities over the past year i have
learned much about what it means to be
to be a good citizen
involved citizen sorry involved citizen
by being a good representative i hope to
have demonstrated and continue to
demonstrate what it means to be a good
citizen as this chapter comes to an end
and a new one begins
i'm forever grateful for this experience
and thank you parents teachers and board
members and others that allowed us to
serve as the pcs student representatives
[Music]
so
as you all can see we're in good hands
these young people have been with us now
a year
they have worked extremely hard they
have represented their school extremely
well
and as you can tell tonight they speak
extremely well in front of people just a
great group we
appreciate the parents we're going to
recognize each one individually we're
going to have them come forward and
we're going to present a plaque to them
we're also going to present to them a
chromebook we're going to take their old
chromebook from them that they use this
year we're going to give them a new
chromebook to take with them to college
next year and then at the end we would
like to get a group picture with the
school board and mr mrs reynolds is
going to be doing all this and so
but this time i would like to say a few
words about each one individually and
i'm going to start with olette kegger
rice
olette
her parents are back here lars and
rebecca kagaris
thank you for allowing her to be a part
of the school board this year
her extracurricular activities include
varsity soccer
southside soccer club u19
and previous participation in jv
volleyball
interact club ffa and fca
she has received recognition as a junior
grand marshal
ffa reporter and vice president
first place winner in lambs in livestock
judging
has received all a's
and has been on the honor roll from
ninth grade to present
she also attends to go to school elect
would you like to come forward this time
please join me in recognizing
[Music]
okay if you'll just come right over and
wait
and let's see mr scott has your
chromebook as well
okay and next we'd like to recognize
riley fletcher riley represented dan
river high school
riley's parents are joel and megan
fletcher and i think mrs fletcher is
right here this evening her
extracurricular activities
include jrotc drill and color guard
ace team
lead of the fca
young life
she leads worship at rivermont baptist
church beta club
book club
served as junior marshall
captain of the ace team 10th and 11th
grades
rank s3 in jrotc fourth in command
and organized data for jrotc
up in 2021
school year during that year
she has received recognition as a
recipient of the american legion award
for jrotc
and the purple heart award for grcc
megan fletcher
a rally clutch
[Music]
[Applause]
gretna high school
uh noah andrews
noah's the son of reverend jason andrews
and jessica andrews
are they in the audience tonight
um
his extra-curricular activities include
beta fbla
science club
a young adult youth group
he has received recognition as the
national merit
of first place for fbla
regional competition in advertising and
is currently he currently attends the
academy for engineering and technology
noel will be attending dcc
and then will transfer to virginia tech
his major
i will be
pharma pharmaceuticals so please join me
in recognizing noah andrews
[Music]
okay and
parker holt
parker is the daughter of jamie and
michelle holt her extracurricular
activities include dance
interact secretary 10th grade interact
vice president 11th grade beta fbla fca
united methodist army youth advisory
board member united methodist youth
council member and assistant ballet
teacher
she has received the following
recognition
spanish student of the year
second place journalism fbla competition
and highest english gpa
for honors 10.
she will be attending the university of
tennessee
and will be in the chancellor's honor
program
she is majoring in english and minoring
in psychology on a pre-law track please
join me in recognizing parker holt
[Applause]
uh
is
congratulations
[Applause]
so
okay this time we're going to recognize
another special group of students and
i'd like to ask our high school
principals if they will come forward
and this is elizabeth craig as well the
director of secretary education
and mrs debra powell as well
did
okay
yes
tonight we're going to recognize a group
of students who have maintained the
highest gpa
of in their high schools
as well as the student who's maintained
the second highest gpa
the valley tours and salutatorians at
the high schools as well as the academy
for engineering and technology and the
piedmont regional government school so
at this time from chatham high school
i'd like to recognize our valedictorian
alette kegger rice
[Applause]
[Music]
and let we're going to do it the same
way if you could stand to the side i
want to get a group picture of all yeah
if you would thank you and then the
salutatorian about chatham high school
is austin elliott
[Applause]
okay dan river high school
valedictorian rebecca stowe
[Applause]
and salutatorian kayla wise
[Music]
[Applause]
gretna high school
jerry ratliff jr valedictorian
[Applause]
[Music]
skylar glodek
salutatorian
[Applause]
tunstall high school
landon jones valedictorian
lady has a ball game this evening
natalia preston
co-salutatorian
[Applause]
[Music]
co salutatorian
[Applause]
okay now
piedmont governor school
austin elliott
valedictorian
[Music]
[Applause]
mohammed khan salutatorian
and the academy for engineering
technology
valedictorian nicholas harp
[Music]
[Applause]
and salutatorian
addie littlefield
[Applause]
[Music]
and can i ask all parents
parents who are with us and grandparents
anyone who's here supporting these
students that you could stand so we
could recognize you all
[Music]
congratulations to you all and i didn't
do this but i didn't ask but if the
parents representing the our student
reps if you always stand up i mentioned
your names but if you always stand up
just kind of draw attention to this
group here thank you all very much
[Applause]
okay now if we can get a picture here
and
huh
one two three
[Music]
[Applause]
so
yes sir
mr moon school board members at this
time i would like to reckon recognizing
the vsba
regional art contest winners
our division winners for elementary
school
rachel abbott from gretna elementary
school is rachel here this evening
[Music]
[Applause]
he's
and also i'd like to recognize
division winner for high school
for vspa third place
it's catherine slathoff from chatham
high schools catherine here this evening
okay and then the division winner for
middle school
is
killing white is killing here this
evening
[Applause]
[Music]
okay
[Applause]
[Music]
um
at this time we'll have a presentation
from z space of greg johnson and jody
atar
thank you for allowing us to be here
this evening my name is greg johnson i'm
the senior director of sales for z space
uh what is zspace we're the world's
education leader in virtual and
augmented reality
we're here this evening to award
pennsylvania county and specifically
miss woodman was dalton the z space
district of distinction award so what is
a district of distinction for us
a district of distinction is a school
district across the country who's gone
above and beyond using technology to
enhance student engagement and enhance
students
excite students to get into career
fields
so for us there are less than a dozen of
these across the country and due to the
hard work leadership and dedication of
ms dalton miss rigney we've chosen
pennsylvania county to be the z space
district of distinction for virginia
so at this time
thank you
[Music]
[Applause]
mr moon school board members at this
time i would like to recognize another
group of students
these are our incoming
group of school board representatives
they will take the seats of these young
gentlemen and ladies here
and we
will see the same type of results from
these individuals as we've seen from
this group here so this time i'd like to
recognize them and would like to come
and just have them come to the front and
i'm going to ask if school board members
who represent the schools would go down
and greet them i'd appreciate it first
is chatham high school
and representing chatham high school
next year
is cody scarce
cody is the son of alan scarce and
heather doss
his extracurricular activities include
ffa
beta
and leadership team
he has received recognition as the
second high individual of the senior
prepared public speaking at the ffa
state competition
national merit scholar
grand marshal for 2022
colonial dames essay contest winner he
has also served as the 11th grade class
president
junior president of the leadership team
secretary of the ffa and student advisor
to the director of the piedmont
governor's school so congratulations
cody for being selected
[Applause]
from dan river high school
grace doss
[Music]
grace
is the daughter of stephen
and lee doss
her extra-curricular activities include
art
club beta club intern to dmfah
volunteer
at alliance human services
smokestacks theater company and cross
country she has received recognition at
the state junior beta as chaplain
most improved in cross country and
regional winner in young authors and
beta inductee congratulations grace doss
[Applause]
retina high school
okay gretna high school is matthew hearn
matthew may not be here this evening
and tunstall high school
mackenzie harris
[Applause]
[Music]
mackenzie is the daughter of robert and
crystal harris
her extracurricular activities include
family career community leaders of
america
fellowship of christian athletes fbla
she served as secretary in 2021
as president in 2122
member of youth group and preschool
sunday school teacher at marion baptist
church senior beta club served as vice
president in 2122
softball jv and varsity student council
association trojan club and volleyball
jv and varsity mackenzie also volunteers
at marion baptist church
the northern pennsylvania county food
bank pennsylvania county farm bureau
pennsylvania county schools and
pennsylvania county youth volleyball
she has received the following
recognitions honor graduate
of candidate graduate merit candidate
early college scholar candidate junior
marshall 2022 honor roll from 2019 to
present american legion auxiliary
virginia girls state delegate 2022
senior beta winner of many competitions
at the state national levels fbla
virginia foundation leadership graduate
2020.
winner of several regional and state
fbla competitions microsoft special
certification 2022
daughters of the american revolution
dorothea henry chapter essay contest
winner in 2017 and 2018. third place
winner in speech contest for the modern
woodmen of america in 2016 and 2017.
please
recognize help me recognize the kids
[Music]
congratulations to our students and
correct congratulations to their parents
we're going to have we will have a
orientation session this summer and
you'll receive an email regarding the
date and time of that and we'll work
around your summer schedules before that
orientation please parents if you have
any questions or students have any
questions you can contact me or contact
mrs janet hancock
mr moon at this time i would like to
recognize
a retired a special retired teacher that
we have in attendance this evening
and and i would like to
ask if our board members could greet her
down there if you all would like
she has served many years
as an educator in pennsylvania county
and she served many years as
uh the president of our retired teachers
association
and just championed that
just
very well and i'd like to recognize her
and say a few things about mrs mabel
scott
miss mabel scott is the past president
of the pennsylvania county retired
teachers association
she was so showcased
in the virginia state retired teachers
association spring newsletter as being
the prestigious recipient of the award
for the most active member for the for
outstanding service an article of her
accomplishments
was featured in a recent edition of the
chat of star tribune
and the danville restaurant b
mrs scott was the most active volunteer
for this organization
and serves as the chair of our local pc
rta scholarship committee for high
school seniors who will become future
teachers
and the vsra
and she will be installed as vice
president of the vs vsra at the spring
delegate assembly in richmond on may the
4th
please join me in recognizing and
congratulating her
[Music]
[Applause]
family if your family would like to come
down would be great
very
52 years ago
i
have been dear friends
thank you
[Applause]
[Music]
so
all right up next we'll have dr jessica
jones to come and speak to us tonight
from the pea
good evening everyone i shall keep my
comments short
i do want to congratulate all the
recipients tonight for the beautiful
work that's being done and the success
that's being gained but really the
greatness that's being done in our
community ms scott you are amazing i
still got your letter that you wrote me
a couple years ago hanging up in my
classroom
you are truly truly
a blessing to education and thank you
for continuing on and doing the great
work that you are
yes ma'am yes ma'am
so i will say this much we
are still looking for great things to
happen in the upcoming school year and
continuing that collaboration that we've
developed um
and just look forward to seeing some
good things come out like contracts
so thank you thank you dr jones
yes sir
yes sir mr moon the next item on the
agenda is report
on the one percent sales tax referendum
and and miss dr irwin i did that uh very
well this evening his presentation
uh but i'd like just to let you all know
that that we have met many of you all
have been out at meetings and we
appreciate
that as well
if you look at
the meetings that have taken place
we've been the stoney mill browseville
union hall kentuck hurt
chatham middle dan river middle tumsle
middle chatham elementary school mount
airy and tunstall high
we've also been i've spoken with our
principals
the chamber of commerce board
and the hurt town council
we have plan meetings coming up
dan river middle school on may the 12th
gretna elementary school on may the 12th
mount airy elementary september the 29th
southside elementary is going to be the
first pto meeting of next school year
and twin springs elementary on september
the 9th
faculty meetings the reason alternative
school we were there today
southside elementary and union hall on
may the 12th and danny river middle on
may the 16th
and then other meetings the high school
chatham high school booster club we've
rescheduled that for the summer or fall
chatham town council and gretna town
council were last night and then we had
the sales tax strategic plan meeting on
may the 17th at 5 30 pctc a list of
those were in your packet
i can send those out again as an email
to you all
any questions regarding
what's taking place thus far
yes
the next item is monthly report
and that's a desk report
okay
and then the next item would be my items
correct okay yes sir
in my packet provided to you all good
news about our schools we mentioned the
skills usa qualifiers they were here
this evening
again we had eight students
from the career and technical center
they're headed to atlanta in june
the students who competed in welding
precision machining mechatronics
they recently won state championships in
their areas and qualifying for the
nationals and i won't mention their
names that they were here this evening
also just recently the u.s news and
world report
reported on the 2022 high school
rankings
tunstall high school was 101st in the
state out of 333 schools
and rank 4 thousand 786 nationally
the other schools
those rankings are there for your review
if you have any questions about that
please let me know
on may the 6th
we had school lunch hero day and this
recognized the special staff that we
have whose job it is each and every day
to feed our students and feed many staff
members as well
and it's just a day that we would like
to recognize them they have worked
extremely hard over the last two years
to provide
meals
for students
but if you recall they provided meals
while we were out
for pick-up for parents as well so we're
very fortunate to have a tremendous
cafeteria staff and we recognize them on
may the 6th
the next item i have under
celebrations in our schools mr tim bray
who is the tussle high school concert
percussion ensemble director he was
inducted into
the hall of fame the winter guard hall
of fame
this past spring
he has been doing that
since
and i think he's the longest serving
director who's been associated with that
competition so we'd like to recognize
him this evening as well
we didn't have him come there but he was
recognized
at a concert at tunstall high school
a month ago
and then would like to again remind you
that the today show visited chatham
elementary school on april 28th
probably many of you all joined in and
watched the day show that morning many
others saw a video clip of that
but it's just quite an opportunity for
our staff there for even staff at
central office and our students it's
something that they will remember for a
lifetime
and they were there to recognize miss
jennifer williams who was donating her
goals to donate 1 million books to
students and children
and she i think had donated 100 000 at
the time
also on my items
if you recall you all approved the
summer youth internship program for
students 16 years and older as well as
the goodwill summer youth program work
program for students age 14 and 15. i'd
like to let you all know that that
planning is well underway students have
been identified
for both programs
and just a reminder that the 14 15 year
old program is for students this summer
who will work 12 hours per week at
minimum wage
they will
be provided a boot camp of a week to
kind of go through
expectations and writing a resume
filling out applications
and then the experience work internship
is in its second year and that's for the
older children 16 and older
and this is again a collaborative effort
between pennsylvania county schools
pennsylvania county government and the
institute for advanced learning and
research
last year we had 15 internships
available this year we have 30
these students will be paid minimum wage
this year they will have a boot camp of
three days this summer
and the internship will run from june
the 13th through august the 5th and
they'll work 32 hours per week
also
mr fitzgerald asked about the bridge on
route 57 that information is in your
packet we sent a letter to the county
administrator on april the 19th
requesting
the repair of the bridge on route 57 and
that's between
route 649 north and route 649 south
the response from the county
administrator was placed in board docs
this morning
he
they have shared the information with
jay craddock at vdot
and he stated that he would pass this
along to the bridge section of the
district engineer so that's what that is
right now mr fitzgerald
also
like to
let you all know that this sunday will
be baccalaureate services at our high
schools
gretna high school will be may 22nd at 8
o'clock in the morning at the high
school dan river high school may 22nd at
8 30.
chatham high school may 22nd
at 9 o'clock
and tunstall high school is may 22nd and
i'm gonna look is that nine o'clock
8 30 8 30 there
up and then in your pack at upcoming
vspa conferences there's a hybrid school
law conference june the 3rd at the
hilton in richmond at short pump
the sba conference on education is july
the 19th
and that's to be determined
and then vsb
annual conference november the 16th
through the 18th in williamsburg and we
hope that we'll be able to return to
williamsburg uh this coming november and
that's all i had this evening
uh mr
moon okay thank you
at this time under unfinished business
we'll get an update from ms kelly marks
on the uh student dress code
um i submitted to
both chairman daus and dr jones an
updated dress code
i look on the document that was included
with
what i see tonight and it is by no means
what i had intentions of
with the updated dress code i spent days
in and out
when i'm passionate about something i'm
going to research it to the end
we're living in a society now that we
cannot take the approach that
girls can't dress a certain way
and we can't hinder learning
environments
either
so i do ask that we re-evaluate this i
didn't take the dress code and look at
specific parts of pittsburgh county
because i think it's several sections
that need to be addressed so i created
an entirely new dress code to focus on
this material and i looked at lots of
dress codes throughout the entire state
of virginia so it was including
from north to south east to west and
i do ask that we reevaluate this as mr
burton mentioned earlier we have student
representatives that voice their opinion
and i'm not quite certain they were
heard
so i do think we need to reevaluate
where we have a lot of we can't in the
dress code and i think we need to remove
some of those and put a lot of we can
because it's the job of teachers and
administrators to
educate students on their teaching
healthy and respectful ways and i think
it's time that we address that
okay thank you
also we need to look at the july
disciplinary
committee meeting
uh we could even look at having it on
june the 6th or july the 11th if it's
june the 6th it would be the july
disciplinary committee to her reviews
with that do we have a recommendation
um
on what date we would like to have the
this july disciplinary committee held on
so are you going to have it july period
or do we need to back it up to junior
well they we got on here on june the 6th
it didn't even need to be june 6 or july
they're live months
probably june the 6th may suit uh miss
merricks
you're on that and uh
mr doss is on that right um
i can't speak for mr doss but is june
the sixth okay with you ms merricks
i'm pretty certain it will be
let's let's go for that day and if it
needs to be changed then we can come
back okay
all right her emotion on that that we go
with june the 6th i'll make that motion
a second
second
okay all in favor for roll call
mr burton
aye mr fitzgerald aye ms henderson aye
ms merricks aye mr moon aye mr mills and
mr doss are absent
okay
the next one on is the 20
22 2023 student representatives that
we've had up here in front of us tonight
we need to have a motion and a second to
approve these individuals to be the
student representatives for the upcoming
fiscal year i'll make that motion that
we accept them not a second okay all in
fact
mr burton aye mr fitzgerald aye ms
henderson aye ms merritt aye mr moon aye
mr mills and mr dallas are absent
the next one would be the additional
representation on the minority advisory
council for 2022 and 2023
do we need any additional representation
on the advisory council
i think we do i'd like to make a motion
that we extend that and expand it if
possible
you you want to have a limit on what we
would expand it to uh
am i correct miss hancock is two per
district is that right
currently it's one person one per
district okay i would like to see it
move to at least two
okay
and that is in the form of emotion
all right do i have a second
a second okay any additional discussion
on the two per
district which i would give a total of
what 14
out of the seven districts that we have
okay
how is the attendance of those meetings
now
we only have what
twice a year yes we have this twice a
year
it's less than
half a ten
i think that's one of the reasons to
expand it to get more get more
participants
available and present
okay
mr burton the last meeting was a virtual
meeting as well that's been an issue i
know
yeah
i'll ask the question how they put on
the
uh
board or whatever the last time that
we each representative from their
community uh picked a
candidate
and
i'm assuming we'll still continue to do
that except maybe expand it to two
so willie mr fischer you would
you would have two from your area
okay as well as everybody else would
i just didn't know the process yeah okay
gotcha
okay we're going to motion in the second
roll call mr burton aye mr fitzgerald
aye ms henderson aye ms merricks aye mr
moon all right mr mills mr dawson
okay
next one we have a school nutrition
fresh fruits award of contract
any questions on that i think the
information was in your packet move we
accept approved
now second okay
roll call mr burton aye mr fitzgerald
aye mr henderson aye ms merricks aye mr
moon all right mr mills and mr absent
national request for special project
broswell elementary school
any additional questions anything it's
not roll call mr burton aye mr
fitzgerald aye ms henderson aye ms
merrick aye mr moon all right mr mills
and mr dallas are absent okay
next in procurement bed or mowing
contract i think you had that in your
packet also
i'll make a motion and we approve it as
is written as written okay
exactly okay any additional discussion
or anything on it
all right roll call mr burton aye mr
fitzgerald aye mr henderson aye ms
merritt aye mr moon aye mr mills and mr
dawes are absent okay
i'll move we uh have a meeting on the
19th of may at 5 15 at avery
okay
this is for personnel changes yes
i'm sorry
i made a motion that we have a
a meeting to approve personnel changes
may the 15th at avery 5 15 19
i'm sorry 19. i can't read my writing
i'll say that
any additional questions on that
all right all in favor mr burton aye mr
fitzgerald mr henderson hi it's mary aye
mr moon aye mr mills and mr dallas are
absent
move adjourned
you have one more item you got one other
item yeah
did i miss it
they added i don't remember what it is
now does anybody have anything to say
about the student representatives at
this time while they are here
i had my say
i would like to say something about our
students if i might just take a second
i am thoroughly impressed with what we
have as our future leaders
i was invited to judge some competition
at the
governor's school two weeks ago
and
i was just
blown away
at the
people who presented their projects and
the in-depth time and effort
that they put into it
um just outstanding some of those
governor's two students are here tonight
are you please stand if you are any
anybody yeah hey my hat's off to you
but not only them
[Music]
[Applause]
their presentations were just
outstanding thank you for that but not
only them
are representatives
those who were
recognized tonight for their attendance
and the gpas and so forth
if america
is fortunate enough to have people like
that we're gonna be okay i guarantee you
thank you i know it
[Applause]
it makes you feel good about our faculty
and staff and administration on what
they've been able to accomplish here in
pennsylvania county and be able to send
these young people out in the world
being ambassadors for pennsylvania
county and
also representing themselves and their
families so we'd like to say thank you
also to each one of you
thank you for your dedication as this
chapter closes another one's going to
open have fun with it you're going to
only be a student one time in college
have fun with it best of luck
i would like to ask the representatives
if there's anything they would like to
share with
the up-and-coming group anything you
guys would like to share with them
put you on the spot this evening
um definitely take advantage of this
whole experience honestly it's been so
much fun to get involved in our local
government and i've learned how
important it is to get involved at this
base level and how important local
government is to our lives and everyone
else's lives around us
and it's really cool to be a part of it
and to be
even more immersed in my school
community i really appreciate this
opportunity
um yeah i would just say that you
kind of really recognize how important
local government is i don't think that i
really understood like how much the
school board does
in our everyday lives and how much more
impact they have than some of even the
state and the federal government has
over us so i think it's really cool to
kind of realize that
also i would just say you know as a
little piece of advice
if you have a problem with something or
if you have comments say them because
even if it's not necessarily taken if
you know it just ends up that your
opinion is not what ends up needing to
happen um at least you know that you
voiced it and that there are other
options and i would just say that you
your voice really does matter because
you are speaking for the students at
your school and that's really important
um so yeah and just have fun with it it
shouldn't be very very stressful but it
is fun to meet the other students and to
get to know the school board members and
everything like that so
just have fun and soak it all in you
will learn so much because i know i did
and i enjoyed every moment that i got to
be here
um just yeah the school board members
they're very
very um knowledgeable and i they know
what they're doing
i think
and um to the next school board
representatives
um no the speeches don't get easier
every time you go up there but
you'll get through them so yeah
thank you guys thank you
mr fitzgerald ah mr henderson all right
miss merrick all right mr moon aye mr
mills and mr bowser absent
thank you all for coming and
participating
you